File Allegro background: Probably not a candidate for general patching.
  Sets the standard font for fix-roman-normal (my preference, I guess)
  In initialize-instance :after for acl-port: sets default background color to white.

FIle Patch-clim-franz: 
Command Menu Enabled:
  This is in the CLIM manual but missing from the Allegro source.

Frame-document-highlighted-presentation-1
 The Clim Environment wants this to be a method, not a function.
  This is used in the Lisp Listener which provides it's own primary 
    for this which doesn't do much but then uses call-next-method to 
    invoke the real main method.

The above two patches are also in the file called allegro-patches in the
 Clim-environment distribution as well as in highlighted-presentation-1.


File Allegro-gestures: 
   Key-press-event-p key-press-release-p are defined, used by clim-environment's
      lisp listener 
   Gestures control a for show arglist
                  control shift v for show-value
                  control shift d for show-documentation

   Stream-read-gesture: fixes the windows version bug that goes into infinite
   loop when reading the : for keyword arguments.

File erase-output-record:
  Fixes a bug in erasing an output record arising from use of position relative
  to parent; by the time the repainting is done, parent is gone and the address
  is screwed up.  This bug is still in the current Allegro sources.

FIle Extended-Help:
  I'm not sure I understand this one.  It seems to have something to do with
  customizing help on complete-input.  Need to explore it more.

Fix Postscript Prologue: has something to do with making the prologue part of a
postscript file have the information in the right format.  My defsystem says
that the ACL implementation of clim postscript isn't as buggy as the others and
doesn't need this patch.

Fix Redisplay Bug: The has to do with incremental-redisplay.  Code is
 CAPITALIZED in areas where the fix occurs.  In detail:
   invoke-with-new-output-record if you cons a new record, then set its
    generation-tick to the current generation-tick.  Other than marked new code,
    consistent with Allegro source.
   output-record-set-position :around: this guy notes that an output record
   moved (for redisplay purposes).
   bounding-rectangle-set-edges: completely replaces existing method, although
   shares some code.  Figures out of the guy moved or changed shape or both.  If
   something changed but width & height stay the same, unless it's a newly
   created record, save the display state.  If it's a reshaping, turn off
   output-ok.  If something changed, have parent update it's extent and note
   that it moved.
   Compute-difference-set: One line change noted in my source. Allegro sources
   have bunch of debugging code in it.
 
FIle Graph-formatting-fix: This was specifically for MCL, then Allegro grapher seems
to be a different source stream and doesn't have the bug.

FIle Highlighted-presentation-1: already described above.

File Input-editing-fix: Word-start-and-end is parameterized by having a global
value *word-start-atom-break-chars* initialized to the same 4 chars that are
inlined in the Allegro source.  Comment says "for better control of arglist
gestures", presumably in clim-environment?  It doesn't appear that anybody
actually uses this.  Maybe some user is in my code or is lost?

FIle Patch draw pixmap: Think Franz incorporated this.

File patch-read-token-franz: Change is marked.  Allegro beeps at the end, while
my patch does (return-token gesture).  I don' remember what this was about, but
might have been related to the problem in ACL on PC, but I think this is
actually about a different problem.

FIle yank-pretty-print: forces yanked input to be pretty-printed.

File ruled-tables: provides an appropriate record type to format tables with
lines between the cells.

File Sequence-Element-replace-input: binds buffer-start before going in and uses
that as the buffer-start argument to presentation-replace-input.  Seems to be
the right thing to fix some screw-up on input-editing.









